my first tip if you're living alone is
be honest with the people around you if
you are not hoping I'm Toby green a
Donoho and I am a disability activist
and I live with a disability called
brittle bones at first I kind of
panicked and now I'm kind of come into
myself and felt a little bit more
confident with being you know living
alone in this sort of time I have
struggled in the past to be content with
just living alone and being able to
juggle a disability plus depression the
loneliness has always been there but
even more so right now but again I'm
trying to learn how to still be
motivated whilst having those feelings
one of the things that has really helped
whilst being bed bound and in pain is
actually meditation so live Instagram
meditation really helps like that helped
me so much to breathe in and out all
that negative energy and all the pain
definitely find something that makes you
feel good and it doesn't have to be
anything spectacular my favorite thing
is literally to watch YouTube videos and
learn loads of different skills from
that or hear different interviews from
celebrities and then the third thing I
would say is maybe start a journal or
literally just do voice notes on your
phone about how you're feeling during
this time it may help you when looking
back on it I think that's quite useful
sometimes
because I can't get my treatment during
lockdown the consequence to that is that
I'm in chronic pain today's actually the
first day I've put on makeup dressed up
nice there's just so many other things
that disabled people have to deal with
and they don't have their normal
resources that they can kind of ask for
help if you know someone who is disabled
like please check on them please make
sure that they're okay realizing how
strong I am I feel like this time that
I've had has really given me time to
think about how I can better my dreams
and how I can help others I'm thinking
about what I'm gonna do after this as
much as what I'm gonna do now
listen things are going to get better
and I would just say to you
look two things that wall that wall that
you see yourself doing in the future I
think that really helps and please be
open to speaking to new people this is
the perfect time to connect and talk to
people over the phone talk to people on
the internet and even maybe your
neighbors gonna have a little chitchat
and it obviously work up to it you don't
need to rush just try it out I promise
you it will do you the world of good
my love for dance her is even stronger
has grown even more because I'm not able
to do it right now as I said my the pain
in my body is restricting me to actually
take part in a lot of things that are
going on online as soon as I'm able to
dance again
believe you me I'll be in my living room
putting on a video and dancing and
learning the choreography because it
makes me feel good
I can't wait to you know listen to like
loud music and hit those noobs yeah
can't wait